even if you've never seen the
ocean or touch the ocean the
ocean touches you every breath
you take every drop of water you
drink
it's the ocean solution for me
being a biologist just following
my heart has led me to some
fascinating places
yeah
what is held my attention all
these years its life in the
ocean that's where most of life
on Earth actually lives as a
scientist I love nothing more
than being an explorer
discovering the nature of life
itself that sense of eureka huh
you got a thousand is really
tough to do unless you have some
special friend like this is a
wonderful passport into the
ocean
scientists are like little kids
who never quite grew up don't
ever stop asking the who what
why where when how baby whales
and dolphins as some of these
questions but they may wonder
what stars on it may wonder
what's in the depths of the
ocean below where they swim but
only humans have the capacity to
really answer those questions we
think only about ten percent of
the ocean has cancino or sampled
at all
we're just beginning to assess
the magnitude of our ignorance
and at the same time that we're
learning more
we're also discovering how much
we're losing must be a thousand
fish share more how do you save
the ocean you find others who
have a similar goal and together
you find ways means of working
with people who have the power
to make decisions that
ultimately result in protection
for a place that you love so
what happens
all of us depend on these
ecosystems and there are
incredibly in some ways they're
incredibly resilient if we do
the right thing but they're also
regret it's a magical sight that
endless horizon it just
stretches out to blue infiniti
jump in the ocean and there you
find happiness
yeah
one every five breaths you take
come from this tiny little
organism called rope or campus
they produce 20-percent the
oxygen in the atmosphere